Adds updated mount syntax (#174)
carpentries-incubator/docker-introduction: _episodes/advanced-containers.md

option to `docker container run`. We'll also use the variable `${PWD}` which will substitute
in our current working directory. The option will look like this

`--mount type=bind,source=${PWD},target=/temp`

> What this means is -- link my current working directory (on the host computer) with the
> container that is about to be started, and inside this container, name the directory `/temp`.

Reviewer: I wonder if something slightly more descriptive here may be useful? I'm also wondering whether rather than "linking" the directory, a better way of describing this is "making it visible"? Perhaps:

```suggestion
What this means is: make my current working directory (on the host computer) -- the source --
_visible_ within the container that is about to be started, and inside this container, name the
directory `/temp` -- the target.
```
